Each slide is parsed to an intermediate representation.
The IR records each element in this slide with their attributes.
It is assumed that the target slide and the response slide are created by duplicating the original slide
It is also assumed that edits update attributes but do not create or delete slides or objects.
When comparing two slides (e.g. original vs response), we compare for each corresponding element these attributes: x, y, w, h, rotation, fill, line color, line width, line dash, opacity. 
To support text-related attributes, such as highlighting or font color, which can be applied to select characters (not merely to an entire text box), we compare each corresponding characters' color, bold-ness, italic-ness, and content. 
We assume that edits do not change the text content itself. 
For numerical values like x and y, we have a small tolerance. 
Each unit of difference, a "cell," is a tuple of (slide, element, its key i.e. attribute value)

Let G be the cells that changed from the original to the target slide. These are the correct edits
Let P denotes cells that changed from the original to the response slide. These may or may not be correct edits.

We compare the recall (lower when the response misses an edit), precision (lower when the response edits something that should not have been touched), and the F1 score.

We penalize overlap that appear in the response but *not* the target slides. That is, we take points off for overlaps that are wrongly introduced by the edit. 

We report these numbers:
P/R/F1 wrt scope: are the right things edited? (does not have to be the correct value)
P/R/F1: are the right things edited and to the correct value? (full/strict correctness)
Value-wise accuracy: of the edits that passes "P/R/F1 wrt scope," which fraction has the right value?
Overlaps: bounding-box overlaps

The summary or "headline" score is max(0, strict_F1 - 0.1 * num_overlaps)

Visualization colors:
- green bbox highlights what should have changed (target vs original)
- purple bbox highlights what should not have changed (the edit is present in the response but not in the target)
- red bbox highlights edits that have the correct element but wrong value
- dashed orange bbox highlights edits that are missed (in target, not in response)
- dotted red bbox highlights an overlap introduced by the response